I think it's under my heart.
It's entirely rather bad.
There's no disposition on my part to embarrass anybody.
And if it's misdisco, won't it for 20 minutes?
No, it's fine.
No, I know it's inspected.
I sure got that threatening.
You need a dramatic.
Man, I say, I'll keep up with what I'm doing.
This is fire produced.
Man, I said, I'll keep up with what I'm doing.
She may want to comb her hair, but some time I don't know.
But I may say that we have had a rule in the committee that
witnesses get unreasonable warning before their call.
I'm sure the committee will be going through tough to run anytime.
But I'd like to give her a chance to have sufficient notice.
When do you want her to produce?
This is 30 minutes.
That's your suggestion, rather than diary.
I think she'll be...
I'll care about it.
That's a good suggestion.
I thought she would introduce a rule.
Maybe it hasn't notified us.
No, you were a very minute notice.
I'll get her on the floor myself.
Out here if they can get ready.
I'll take a take.
Here's the bail.
It's level down.
I'll take a take.
May I be in order?
Now Mr. Cohn in the document that you prepared.
Ladies and gentlemen, please.
You stated there.
I said I'd take a take.
I think Mr. Cohn is with me on that take.
Mr. Stevens, the secretary of the Army.
The question that you discontinue your investigation of Fort Monmouth.
I'm glad to have made it in our force.
That is correct, business.
I said that's tough.
Now you have it before you decide.
Sure.
I want to read from your testimony page 4404 of the record.
Now Mr. Cohn in the allegation is made and one of the committee may consider it very serious allegation.
The allegation being by human senate imitators that on that occasion November 6th, Mr. Stevens
made some remarks and made some statement about justice, this thing from further investigation of Fort Monmouth.
I'm going out to the Navy and Air Force.
I want you to call as nearly as you can, this subcommittee precisely, but the secretary of the Army said on that occasion was respectful at 70.
Mr. Cohn, yes.
I'm putting from you, Mr. Cohn.
Of course I can't give you the exact words, Mr. Jankin.
The substance laws that Mr. Stevens felt if we would look at communist infiltration in the Navy and the Air Force for the wire and give the Army a rest, that would be welcome.
But is your testimony?
Yes sir.
And further.
Further prior was made to that suggestion, Mr. Cohn.
The reply of the chairman was a number of points.
I remember one or two of them were that first of all we could not start an investigation.
We had no facts whining such an investigation at that time.
It is required before you start investigating someplace you have to have a preliminary investigation.
So lay the groundwork.
And that takes weeks and sometimes months.
The second of all we did not even have the information on which to predicate that preliminary investigation.
And the senator did not think that was feasible.
Stephen, on to explain that our next investigation was always set anyway.
And that was not of the Navy or Air Force, but involved communist infiltration in the post-class.
The presence of current communist parties members in the fence plants.
And then again, I might say that on the question of following that up, Mr. Jenkins.
On the question of information which we were lacking,
that Mr. Adams did make a comment that there was no problem about that.
That he could get us the information.
And further, the substance of what he said was that he could help us get information on the Navy and Air Force.
And I say that the conversation changed when the senator mentioned that our next investigation was of communist infiltration in defense plants.
Because Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams immediately said that we were to investigate communist in defense plants.
That that might involve the defense department itself, the defense department personnel.
And that would be very helpful to Mr. Stevens because it would remove the army as the sole subject of the committees and vestigeants on communist infiltration in the military.
Is that correct? Yes.
Then Mr. Kohn, didn't you undertake to make his phrase?
So what's the secretary? The guy or acquiescent was that she spread your investigation.
So he grew not only the army, only here in the Air Force of defense plants and the secretary said that that would just some extent take the heat off.
Well, I can give the army a raise. Not quite sir. I don't think he was exactly crossing to have the army continue along with the Navy and the Air Force.
One of the objects of the investigation. As I recall, the substance of what he said was, couldn't we just go in the Navy and the Air Force for a while and leave the army alone?
Mr. Chairman, what gets to the examination of Mr. Scolair?
Because this time, he has no question. That's Ms. Kohn. It may be that I was the type of me to act that question.
Well, then we'll begin on the 10 minute rule.
Whereby, each member of the committee has 10 minutes and council goes five to 10 minutes.
And the chair of Christine Fritz in conformities, are we?
When did you first come with the government? I thought when was the government sent it amongst the...
Let it be that I got out of law school in November of 1947 by the way of law.
In November 1947. Yes.
Well, is your first position with the government?
My first position with the government was law clerk, cash, forest stat operator in the office of the United States District Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
A question about who I was appointed by John F. H. McGoey, the United States Attorney, now federal judge in New York,
the man who was the prosecutor of the 11th Supreme Communists leaders before Judge McTheney.
Will you consider the government that he or with public integrity?
No, we're after the civil service. I don't think I took a civil service examination.
I don't know what kind of patient is taken fit in me, sir.
I had known Mr. McGoey, I had known it Chief Assistant, Mr. Seipal, I went down and see them and asked for the job.
And I got it. How did you in New York?
Yes, I was very possible, sir, that I did get recommendations from the Democratic, it would have been the Democratic Organization of New York City.
You are in the legislature, Democrat? Yes, I am. I was. I am a Republican.
When did you first come to Washington, BC?
I first came to Washington, spend a month in the summer of 1952.
Who appointed you to come to Washington in 1952?
I was appointed to come to Washington by the Honorable James P. McGranery,
the well-being Attorney General of the United States, sir, if I might say yes.
Another Democrat was did a great job in fighting communist infiltration in this country.
And you, McGranery, is a personal friend of the chairman, and while he neglects, he's not a Republican,
he does recognize him as a very fine and successful attorney general with an auditor of under-orship.
Let me ask you how you got set in position.
Well, I got it in this way, sir. I was on the way to Europe for a vacation after the second stream coming to trial in New York.
And the vote was about 10 minutes out of the harbor just falling down the harbor, and I was called for the telephone.
I don't think I knew that there was telephone on both. I was told the Attorney General of the United States was on the phone.
I thought it was a friend of mine playing some kind of a joke, it was not.
Well, I was the Attorney General of McGranery, and my head not met.
Now, he telephone me and asked me, told me he knew about the work I had done up in New York for the Department of Justice,
and asked me if I would come to Washington to work with him.
That was in July of 1952.
Your name has been brought to his attention. I presume that this is a crazy employer of yours.
Has he seen how getting the grant you learned about you?
Yes, well, I had done, I had, well, not if I had, but I was the specialist on the prosecution of Communists 5 and 4 verses,
so the Department of Justice of New York, which is the largest Department of Justice office in the country.
And after the Rosenberg case and the Remington case and the Communist trial, I suppose that Judge McGranery knew that I had been specializing in this type of work,
and might have heard some things about me from my experience.
Did you remain in the employment of the government all through the duration of the Democratic administration?
I did, sir, I remained in the employment of the government all through the duration of the Democratic administration.
I resigned the day I was appointed Chief Counsel for this committee, which was subsequent to the election of President Heissner.
Yes, sir, it was in January of 19th to be finished.
You testified something about the executive order, the Truman order, and then you referred to a presidential order April 27, 1953, which would be an Eisenhower order.
Yes, sir. Were you with the government at the time of that Truman order?
Yes, sir.
First, it's completely, you can, but that's the way.
Well, sir, the best word I've heard is the Reviews and Describes of what the word blackout, that order plays a blackout on loyalty and security information being made available to congressional committees.
And in other words, put a seal of secrecy on these loyalty and security files of government employees.
That's my understanding of the order. I might be inaccurate to some extent.
You testified that the order issued by President Eisenhower on April 27, 1953, but it gave a somewhat clear hand to investigation.
Give me a lot of respect.
Okay, I'm an Eisenhower lawyer. Relax, but you call the blackout Truman order.
In order to answer that properly, I would want to study both orders so I can give you more or less of a distinction.
And I do know that the Eisenhower order provided for the re-examination, I believe, of all loyalty cases, loyalty and security cases.
I believe, sir, that the Eisenhower order provided that the loyalty boards, they made up not of people from the same department in which the employee worked and who might be his friends, must from the outside or from other departments or agencies.
And there are various other things in there which I believe, sir, were designed to make easier the detection of communist and security risks.
You say you were in the government at the time of the Truman order?
I was, but was the relationship between the executive branch of government and the investigating arms of Congress prior to this Truman order?
Was there another order that had been issued prior to that and was just a tightening up for a relaxation of a prior order or is just a new order?
So, sir, I can only assume that I assume that since the law of the necessity for that order meant that until that order came about, that the Congress and the committee did have clear access to loyalty and security information on the part of communist and subversives in government and that this order will take away some of that information from the Congress.
Do you know the date of the Truman order?
I don't know the exact date.
Do you know the year?
48, I believe, sir. I'm not sure.
1948.
I believe so, sir. And I could be wrong.
That's a collection of that.
You don't recall whether or not that order was initiated during the course of the committee investigation of the so-called HIST situation.
I think it was, sir. I tied that in in my mind with the reference with the red herring ring, more concerning the other hits investigation.
I might be sharing the remembrance of the censored at the time when the chairman acting chairman of that committee, but I was unsure whether there had been some previous order.
So since 1948 down to date, there was some kind of presidential order which exists between the legislative investigative bench of government and executive branch.
Yes.
We're talking about two telephone conversations Mr. Cohn and I've got it down at the time that you testified about one of them and not the other.
In September 16th and one of them was in September 20th.
Yes, sir. Do you recall which one you testified about?
Well, sir, I believe they were both meetings.
Wisp Mr. Saisons, but which shine was discussed?
Is your meeting?
Yes, sir.
And I think you testified about the one on September 16th.
I think you're right.
You did not testify about the one on September 20th.
No.
When you tell us what occurred at the meeting, first of all, where was the meeting held as the chairman of the committee?
Who was that?
It was this way.
It was downstairs on the in the first floor, where this committee was having a hearing on an executive session hearing on communist infiltration in the army, dealing with literature.
I remember just looking up at the day, it's now that Senator Potter was present during part of this meeting.
Because I remember that Senator Potter was discussing plans for the investigation of Korean war atrocities, which Senator Potter presided at and held hearings about during subsequent months.
That meeting was held on September 21st, and I had a conversation with Mr. Stevens about Dave Shine, which words of certain things on that date.
Who else was president of the overhead of the conversation?
I don't think anybody, sir.
You and Mr. Stevens.
Yes, Mr. Stevens, as I recall, was sitting down at the end of the table waiting for the session to begin, and he called me off.
He told me that he was looking forward to using Dave Shine in the army on the intelligence matters and communist matters.
He felt that Dave would be a very fine, efficient, and that he would be able to use his work.
He asked me about this same definition of communism, which Dave had written, so that he's been talking to some people in the army about Dave,
and that he would like a copy of this definition of communism.
I tried to get one down in the committee room. I don't think we had one.
And I called up Dave and told him that Mr. Stevens wanted a copy of that definition.
Dave, there upon mail the copy to Mr. Stevens mentioning in the letter that they're going to request for a side promise.
I'm sending you a copy of that definition.
Start with the conversation that took place on that occasion.
Another occasion did you suggest to Mr. Stevens anything about a commission?
Or Dave and Shine?
I did not.
Did you suggest anything to him about where he might be located?
Or the duties that he might have if he were inducted into the army?
Is the only thing of any equipment, but forever, that took place in that conversation,
as a matter that you have already related to the needless and about this definition of communism that Shine had worked out?
Yes, Mr. Stevens said he was planning to use Dave in some capacity,
and even talking to some people over in the army, mentioned this definition that he did not have a copy of it all over yet heard about it,
and could I get a copy too?
So, have any subsequent time that you ever follow through and try to get Mr. Stevens to use Mr. Shine in an intelligence capacity?
So, the next thing that happened, I believe Mr. Shine will try to go about it,
was the discussion he had with Mr. Stevens on September 29.
The next discussion I had with Mr. Stevens was October 2nd, and Mr. Stevens offered,
when Mr. Stevens went into some detail about the general situation concerning youth of communist literature and things of that kind,
and stated that he had determined to use Dave's shine to help him in these matters.
My time has expired, and I have expired.
I'm advised under my thought.
Rest the call, get the...
I know you've been asked twice if you have been asked,
he don't mean that you and I are members of that party of treason for 20 years, do you?
Sir?
I certainly don't think that I am a member of a party that stands for treason, so I agree with you.
That's all I...
I did have an explanation to make this.
I, in fairness to Senator McCarthy about that, sir, I know of the...
what you refer, I know the speeches which he's made along those lines,
and I do say this, sir, that there are a lot of people within our great party,
so I feel and...
I agree with you.
I just want more of your agreement, sir.
Well, yes, I agree with you with this qualification, sir.
I agree with you with the qualification that there have been people in this party of ours,
both of them.
Yes, sir, in both, you are very right, sir.
There have been people in both parties who I believe serve as a political party,
and who have covered up some innocent portrayed.
Are you in any of some still in there doing that?
I've got enough trouble.
I'm in the job here, and I've got to not get into...
A question of political philosophy.
Let me ask you, then, let's go on.
Let's have a different case between three documents here, if we may.
Yes, sir.
Where is the document original in this case of chronological events by the Army?
You remember what was issued in...
Not sure what was issued.
I don't know if it was issued and published.
Yes, sir.
About that, sir, when the committee determined to investigate the charges,
and the countercharges that were made by the elite of St. August,
by your side of the case, short-lawed to the chronological documents of the case in France,
but the committee requested both sides the file charges and specifications.
Yes, sir.
You recall that.
I just...
In response to that request, the Army did file its so-called charges and specifications.
Yes, sir.
Following that, a statement was submitted, and the tag-aloud it is, it appears, I have.
But, for force to be a member, that's not allowed, as soon as it's left,
statement submitted, I request the temporary subcommittee to have got one before you.
Ah, by some means, we can get it right away.
Yes, you may.
I have it.
You may want to request it.
I have it right now.
This is the memo draft.
Ah, and I wanted to confirm the year that there's been a thing in here,
and I'd love to know it as well.
Yes, sir.
Ah, it's a draft.
It's not dated.
The one I have not dated.
Do you have the date?
Yes, April 20, 1953.
Stand on it, sir.
The storm storm is April 20.
I don't know, sir.
Ah!
Just a fact, I need to.
I suppose that's the date with file.
I'm not sure.
Ah, is the guest, the Senator, Paul E. Martin.
Room 248, Senate Office Building, Washington 25, DC.
Yes, Senator Martin.
Yes, sir.
Are you out of that document before you have it?
I do, sir.
I must have determined that this is done.
I should like to ask whether these charges and the counter charges.
The charges of the armament, which the men have been responsible for,
some of the committed charges, and also those committed by some of them,
of cartoom and miscar.
If they had one day, a part of the official record in the suit,
then they're still.
Only in the society has been testified to the Senate in the current under oath.
So how many charges made by the Army were included in the proceedings of regional states?
Well, I know the statement of April 13,
but it's not in corporate as part of the testimony.
I'm not moving, Mr. Chaplin, I'm not being in corporate.
I don't think the charges of the Parliament are working to be shared.
In these statements of April 13, I mean, though, I mean charges,
and the charges, those were official documents that I just heard from the State.
You hear a second?
I'm not.
Yes, sir.
I mean, I'll give a document that I give it to the President and the Senate,
and it'll obviously be placed.
They ought to come at the very same time.
I thought they'll have a fair in someone for one thing you know that happened,
and overall, in danger to them,
they're working straight by sub-partners and amendment,
and let them appear in the van, or the government,
or the government being statement by the chairman of the committee.
Is there a one with that understanding?
You know what I'm saying?
I have.
I know.
And I'm thinking of one to make certain that a part of the hearing is set.
Well, these are the most, first part of the document,
that you had before you went to.
What?
A notification starts since we returned the countercharges
by the file and now part of the record of its committee.
I read the first paragraph.
This statement is being submitted on behalf of Frank Carter.
It's yet it is the record of the Senate's firm subcommittee on investigation.
Well, I come to Chief Counsel,
and myself as chairman of the subcommittee.
Is it being submitted in accordance with the request of your temporary subcommittee?
The copy I have appears to have been signed by Senator McCarthy,
by him personally, and then as chairman, is that correct?
Ah, it's the signature appears in memiagrapants or well, it won't be.
I think the fact is that he did not personally affix the signature to it.
I know.
I was a second curious to visit Montier,
but in one else, I just want to ask you this question.
Yes, sir.
Well, is that first paragraph of this document state the truth?
Well, it is valid on your behalf.
Surely, do you acknowledge it then as your document as well as the other's identified?
Surely.
All right.
I'm going to call my authority or testimony.
I believe the day you first testified, what is the date of that on page 39.79.
I shall read from that late 27th of April, you go ahead.
Yes sir.
All right, sir. Why don't you go ahead?
All right, I'll read from it.
I'll read from the secretary of finance, sir.
Question by Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Cohn.
It is alleged by you.
And I'm getting down now to those specific allegations.
But the second day of the army and his counsel use him top of me.
And nothing's in that effort to help a work of the McCarthy Committee,
particularly at Bush Monmouth.
And now I ask you to tell the members of this committee when the first over-backed was committed in that respect.
Not even a man where, Mr. Cohn.
Yes sir, I don't believe Mr. Jenkins that we have characterized any of these acts of tax on Mr. Stevens or Mr. Adams who are the youth.
Of the adjectives both him proper on both or anything else.
He has set forth what the facts are.
I will do that now, sir, at your direction.
I wish to follow your attention as I before I proceed to interrogate you.
Yes sir.
But I'll ask the first before I proceed.
Do you now or do you not?
Turn the actions that you charge from first five to against Mr. Stevens on Mr. Cohns on Mr. Adams as him proper.
Sir, I believe that that is a matter for the Committee to judge what I try to do here, Senator McClellan.
Just tell you what happened.
And you're not willing to say that you're terming him proper.
Sir, I am not willing to characterize or first judgment upon sort of speak the act of the Secretary of the Army and the Adams.
Why?
He's swamming your language to you then and let you tell us what you intended for us, how you intended for us to enforce this.
Sure, you're not willing to say that it's him proper.
I feel so that that is a matter for this Committee to judge.
Sir, Mr. McClellan, you've acknowledged this as your document.
I want to know what you meant by it if it didn't mean him proper.
Now then, number one, the Second Power Draft.
We are submitting here with, but we consider to be federalist data concerning the and our FOIA attention to it, a PIMP.
By two armist civilians, Mr. Robert C. Stevens and Mr. John D. Adams, to discredit the investigating committee,
and to force a distant tenure in civil hearings exposing commoners in jailfacions in by departments.
Yes, sir.
Do you state now on the oath that our division is through or false?
The State's attempted to discredit the Committee and the Fourth Office. Does this continue our hearing?
That's just... that's just...
You state now on the oath that it's true.
Yes, sir.
What these two, Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, did attempt to do that?
Now, are you willing to say whether that is not for or in person?
Sir, perhaps it's a difference of terminology, but it's important to me.
I want... I would you characterize it then, if you want me to say it.
That's not what I think that's about the mildest term I can do.
Well, that's just a sentence, and I don't... if I can avoid it, I don't want it...
I don't want the character I just at all. I want to tell what happened.
But, worth I remember having been spoken in what act committed,
and then leave it to the Committee to judge just what the legal or mild effects of what act might be.
Well, you know, if anyone who wasn't regard and attention to what's going on, those being impossible,
I just can't be without otherwise as they should.
Well, there's the only thing that's this.
At this point, I have to say, certainly try to get us to stop the investigation.
There is no doubt in its birth about that.
They are not the first people who will try to do that.
Most agencies, which are being investigated, don't want to be investigated.
And they want the investigating Committee to stop.
And I have... but they tried to get us to stop the institute.
Actually, there is no doubt in the earth about that.
I'm not a stop for the weed, but for the right here.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Jiskler is now in the room, and I would like to...
From the side, I'd like to listen to Mr. Thomas, and Mr. Smith, and...
So, you have any questions?
I'm a specialist coming to the stand, but I've taken this opportunity to return to our studios across the country
to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
Cut! Shut your free beverages!
Norm Plattening, but never since.
Never since in Body Orcees.
So, chase them and enjoy the non-satting cut.
Your tape line will host.
Your waistline won't show it.
In my mind.
Is this very difficult?
Yes.
Is this without the US investigation center of the McCarthy?
I am.
Mrs. Jiskler, you know what?
I'm very well.
I'm a little confused with you this morning.
I don't believe you're close enough yet, Mrs. Jiskler.
Could you put your chair in a little bit?
And you are stuck in the cage, just under the McCarthy?
I am.
Mrs. Jiskler, do you think this is a station or a pharmacy?
Sure.
Now, your office is waiting.
What is the office number?
428.
Mrs. Jiskler.
Yes.
I will ask you to examine eight miles.
Now, before you visit, we'll continue on 11.
Get us memory number.
Yes.
Is it getting out of the lead with October 7th?
Is the date of the first quarter, does it not?
Yes.
Where did you get those memory numbers?
They just go together.
When did you assemble them?
And put them in that file in the jacket in which they...
...and now contain them.
They were sitting here, and they were found.
Was it put in there as they were defeated and tied?
See how the first 20 days are overclocked to be upgraded?
Yes.
And now, who was it that stated, Mrs. Jiskler?
The unit file is having big stages that particular memory number.
I said it.
You said it was not.
I said it was not.
And it's written in the letter.
You have known to speak in the pen of recollection of the document of October 2nd, the first one you've been up before.
No.
Do you have any independent recollection of any of those documents?
I don't know how.